add documentation (#67)
DataMedSci/yagit: docs/source/introduction.rst

Introduction
============

> YAGIT (Yet Another Gamma Index Tool) is an efficient open-source library for calculating the gamma index.
> It can be used for the comparison of two images (a reference image and an evaluated image) containing
> 2D or 3D radiation dose distributions. It is written in C++ and works on Linux and Windows.
> The code is available on GitHub: `<https://github.com/DataMedSci/yagit>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
YAGIT (Yet Another Gamma Index Tool) is an efficient library for calculating the gamma index.
It can be used for the comparison of two images (a reference image and an evaluated image) containing
2D or 3D radiation dose distributions. It is written in C++ and works on Linux and Windows.
The code is free and open-source. You can find it on GitHub: `<https://github.com/DataMedSci/yagit>`_.
```

Main functionalities
--------------------

Most important features of YAGIT are:

.. rst-class:: list

- two methods of gamma index calculation: classic and Wendling,
- four implementations of the classic method (sequential, multithreaded, SIMD, multithreaded + SIMD),
- two implementations of the Wendling method (sequential, multithreaded),
- three versions of the gamma index: 2D, 2.5D, and 3D,
- reading input files (DICOM and MetaImage),
- saving data and results to an output file (MetaImage),
- linear, bilinear, and trilinear interpolation of data.

Performance
-----------

The performance of YAGIT has been compared with the performance of `FRED`_ and `PyMedPhys`_.

> The gamma index module of FRED has been tested using the `FRED tools`_ library,

Reviewer: I'd reduce this section here to just couple of paragraph + one most important plot. Rest I'd extract to another main page in the left menu. 

What I think is more needed in the lading page (Introduction) is a glance on how this library is used, for example two images (2D), snippet of the code (max say 20 lines) and the resulting image.
This could give the reader an impression on the first page what is the main use case of the library.
The details are of course well described in the API and Examples pages, but a "glimpse" is also appreciated

which calls functions of that module internally.

.. _FRED: https://www.fred-mc.org/
.. _FRED tools: https://github.com/jasqs/FREDtools
.. _PyMedPhys: https://github.com/pymedphys/pymedphys

Performance tests have been executed on a machine with an AMD Ryzen 7 5800H processor,
which has a clock speed of 3.2 GHz and features 8 cores and 16 threads. The machine has 16 GB of RAM DDR4 3200 MHz.

It has been tested on Windows 11 Home 64-bit (version 22H2) operating system with WSL2 and Ubuntu 22.04.2 LTS.
FRED's gamma index module requires Linux, so all tools have been tested on WSL2 to maintain an identical environment.

This system contains gcc and g++ compilers in version 11.4.0 with glibc 2.35 and libstdc++ 3.4.30, CMake 3.22.1,
and Python 3.10.12.

Tested versions of tools are:

.. rst-class:: list

> - YAGIT built from 51d34ae commit (05.09.2023) using CMake tool in Release mode and g++ compiler,

Reviewer: Is that commit far away from current state of the repo ?

Author: It's second to last on master branch. The last commit on master doesn't have any impact on the performance shown on "Introduction" subpage.

Reviewer: Good !
